#1920 Fix broken links audit entries 51-64 (#1936)
Codecademy/docs: content/react/concepts/routing/routing.md

npm install react-router-dom@latest
```

> The newest version of React Router is [v6](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/overview), which comes with many breaking changes including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newest version of React Router is [v6](https://reactrouter.com/en/6.10.0/start/overview), which comes with many breaking changes including:
```
